$Name:  $

Tag file. Lists the tags and the broad changes made.
Please update everytime a new release goes live on
the main game. This way we can always pull out the
correct version. In reverse order.
Place the latest tag number at the top to ensure
the version information in the game is correct.

um1_010 - Grimthorpe
    Not really a major change, but now we have the release tag in the code
    done properly, as long as everyone remebers to edit the top line of this
    file. I suppose I could automate it with a Name CVS tag...

um1_009 - Grimthorpe
    Private channels: Wizards can override private channel settings, in case
    of error. Please do not abuse it.
    DONTANNOUNCE: A new flag (DontAnnounce) to stop the [xxx has connected]
    announcements
    Julian's updates: Julian has tidied up the code (again) to make it more
    cross-platform.

um1_008 - Grimthorpe
    Bug fix 1 for String code: Array_storage::insert_element was totally
    bogus. This is now fixed(tm)

um1_007 - Grimthorpe
    Awooga Awooga Awooga. Red Alert, Shields Up.
    Be prepared for almost immediate roll-back to release um1_006 on live
    systems, while furtive hackers try to fix the bugs found.
    Yes, the first part of the string-replacement code is going in.
    Be afraid. Very afraid.

um1_006 - Grimthorpe
    At last, a way of identifying which tag was used to get the source out.

um1_005 - Grimthorpe
    A few more null pointer fixes.
    Note: These should all go away when the major code update goes in.
    But we're waiting on Keith's HALFQUIT (and related) stuff before that
    can go in.

um1_004 - Grimthorpe
    Yet more null pointer fixes. One day we'll fix them all, or replace
    either vsprintf or the use of char* for strings.

um1_003 - Grimthorpe
    Not sure of the changes. If you could fill
    some in Grim...
    Well, lets start with NULL pointer protection, followed by a liberal
    sprinkling of value_or_empty, add a little NULL pointer protection
    and heat for a few hours before topping off with a stupid strdup/free
    (real bug) fix.

release_002 - Reaps
    Set the UNCONNECTED idle limit to 5 mins

release_001 - Reaps
    Removed all the words from the idle and connect
	times except for Muddict which happens
	between 8 and 9 hours connect.
    Made all times cope with weeks of connect/idle
	including the idle message from pages.

